Terminal Exercises
Write the following terminal commands to perform the following tasks:

Part I
make a directory called first 
	mkdir first
change directory to the first folder
	cd first
create a file called person.txt
	touch person.txt
change the name of person.txt to another.txt
	mv person.txt another.txt
make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
	cp another.txt copy.txt
remove the copy.txt file
	rm copy.txt
make a copy of the first folder and call it second
	cp -r first second
delete the second folder
	rm -rf second

Part II
What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
	Man, short for manual, shows you the manual with information to learn more about a command. Up/down arrows to scroll, spacebar scrolls one page, quit/exit with q.

Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
	Ls -a will show you all the files, including hidden ones (directories beginning with a dot). Ls -l shows more information about each file in long format. 

How do you jump between words in the terminal?
	Option + left, Option + right

How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
	Command + e

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
	Command + a

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
	Command + w

What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
	Terminal is the environment/interface the user interacts with while shell is what interprets the input and returns the output.

What is an absolute path?
	Specifies file or directory location from the root directory (/).

What is an relative path?
	File or directory location related to current working directory.

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
	Flags can change or enhance commands and start with -. Ls -a shows all files, including hidden files. Ls -l shows more information about each file. Cp -r allows you to copy a directory.

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
	rm -r removes file hierarchy and rm -f removes files. Combined you can remove a directory even if it has anything inside.